Sister.
Why did you kill me?
The palace is not there.
It's not me.
Hi.
General.
This is your good sister.
It's cruel and cruel
How to do it later
That year you for favor
When you despise human life, you must have thought of the end like today.
Sister, how could you take such a risk?
This is coming soon.
That's it.
brother
Hey.
Don't you trust me too?
Apparently someone just pushed me a little.
That knife didn't hurt anything.
Why is there so much blood?
This time
You keep an eye on this bastard for me.
Go throw away this sheepskin bag.
It's the owner.
Your Majesty is coming.
Sit.
Your Majesty.
You're here.
Jubilee, sit down.
Dr. Choi gave Jubilee an angiogram.
Yes.
Jubilee was injured in the abdomen.
You can get pregnant for a long time.
It's dry.
Watch the candles.
The owner told me to keep an eye on my wife.
But this month is over.
Still no wind blowing the grass.
The Emperor is not coming tonight.
The owner slept earlier.
You and I are going to rest too.
Yes.
Oh, you're hurting me.
The happy wife is doing good things.
Your Majesty is not here.
Who's that man?
frequency range
Stealing and Flirting